Overview of the FCC Catalyst Market



Market Valuation in 2022: USD 2891.75 million
Projected Market Value by 2029: USD 3373.64 million
Expected CAGR between 2023 and 2029: 2.53%
Report Sample includes:
- Table of Contents
- List of Tables & Figures
- Charts
- Research Methodology

Get FREE Sample of this Report at https://www.intelmarketresearch.com/download-free-sample/106/fcc-catalyst




The major global manufacturers of FCC Catalyst include: Grace Catalysts Technologies, BASF, Albemarle, JGC C&C, Sinopec, CNPC, Hcpect, Yueyang Sciensun Chemical, and Rezel Catalysts Corporation, etc.

Report Scope



This report aims to provide a comprehensive presentation of the global market for FCC Catalyst, with both quantitative and qualitative analysis, to help readers develop business/growth strategies, assess the market competitive situation, analyze their position in the current marketplace, and make informed business decisions regarding FCC Catalyst.



The FCC Catalyst market size, estimations, and forecasts are provided in terms of output/shipments (K MT) and revenue ($ millions), considering 2022 as the base year, with history and forecast data for the period from 2018 to 2029. This report segments the global FCC Catalyst market comprehensively. Regional market sizes, concerning products by Type, by Application, and by players, are also provided.



For a more in-depth understanding of the market, the report provides profiles of the competitive landscape, key competitors, and their respective market ranks. The report also discusses technological trends and new product developments.



The report will help the FCC Catalyst manufacturers, new entrants, and industry chain related companies in this market with information on the revenues, production, and average price for the overall market and the sub-segments across the different segments, by company, by Type, by Application, and by regions.

By Company



Grace Catalysts Technologies
BASF
Albemarle
JGC C&C
KNT Group
Sinopec
CNPC
Hcpect
Yueyang Sciensun Chemical
Rezel Catalysts Corporation
Segment by Type



Gasoline Sulfur Reduction
Maximum Light Olefins
Maximum Middle Distillates
Maximum Bottoms Conversion
Other
Segment by Application



Vacuum Gas Oil
Residue
Other
Production by Region



China
USA
Europe
Asia (Ex. China)
Canada
South America
Consumption by Region



North America
U.S.
Canada


Asia-Pacific
China
Japan
South Korea
Southeast Asia
India
Australia


Europe
Germany
France
U.K.
Italy
Russia
Rest of Europe


South America
Mexico
Brazil
Rest of South America


key trends shaping the fluid catalytic cracking (FCC) catalyst market:



Development of ultra stable Y-zeolite based FCC catalysts to maximize liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) and propylene yields from lower quality feedstocks. This also enhances gasoline octane ratings.

Rising focus on metals trapping and metals passivation technologies to limit detrimental effects of metal impurities like nickel and vanadium on product yields.

Growing demand for residue upgrading FCC catalysts that can unlock heavier crudes by higher bottoms cracking and produce feedstocks for petrochemicals.

Use of bio-based feedstock like palm and soybean oil as sustainable sources for manufacturing glues and binders used in FCC catalysts matrix and substrates.

Advances in CAT-REG (regenerator catalyst) additives to limit excessive hydrocarbon combustion and NOx formation in the regenerator, ensuring optimal performance.

Introduction of ASPIRE FCC technologies by leading players like Grace that use automated computational models to predict FCC catalyst deactivation rates and optimize run-lengths.





Get the Complete Report & TOC at https://www.intelmarketresearch.com/chemicals-and-materials/106/fcc-catalyst
CONTACT US:
276 5th Avenue, New York , NY 10001,United States
International: (+1) 646 781 7170
Email: help@intelmarketresearch.com

Follow Us On linkedin :- https://www.linkedin.com/company/24-market-reports
